Create ui-c8y-1021-22-75-drop-up-directive-now-checks-for-available-space-at-the-top.md (#3284)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-22-75-drop-up-directive-now-checks-for-available-space-at-the-top.md

---
date: ""

> title: The drop-up directive checks for available space at the top

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Dropdown menus now always fully visible and accessible
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63158
version: 1021.22.75
---

> The drop-up directive is used to display a dropdown menu above an element when there is not enough space below it. Previously, the directive did not check if there was sufficient space above the element before displaying the menu, which could result in the menu being partially obscured or not visible at all. With this change, the drop-up directive now checks for available space at the top of the element before deciding whether to display the menu above or below it. This improves the user experience by ensuring that dropdown menus are always fully visible and accessible, regardless of the available space around the triggering element.

Reviewer: @janhommes What happens if there is not enough place below it as well? I mean, the text says, that it places the dropdown above an element exactly because there is not enough space below.

> The drop-up directive is used to display a dropdown menu above an element when there is not enough space below it. Previously, the directive did not check if there was sufficient space above the element before displaying the menu, which could result in the menu being partially obscured or not visible at all. With this change, the drop-up directive now checks for available space at the top of the element before deciding whether to display the menu above or below it. This improves the user experience by ensuring that dropdown menus are always fully visible and accessible, regardless of the available space around the triggering element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a dropdown menu cannot be displayed below an element (the default) due to space limitations, it is usually displayed above the element following the drop-up directive. Previously, the drop-up directive did not check if there was sufficient space above the element, which could result in the menu being partially obscured or not visible at all. With this change, the drop-up directive now checks for available space before deciding whether to display the menu above or below an element. This improves the user experience by ensuring that dropdown menus are always fully visible and accessible.
```
